
background           = default  default
frame                = black default
window_title         = cyan default bold
directory            = default  default dim
selected_directory   = red default bold
playlist             = red  default bold
selected_playlist    = cyan  default bold
file                 = blue  default bold
selected_file        = black  cyan
marked_file          = black cyan
marked_selected_file = black  cyan bold
info                 = cyan   default bold
selected_info        = red   default bold
marked_info          = cyan  red bold
marked_selected_info = red  red bold
status               = cyan  default dim
title                = cyan default bold
state                = default default bold
current_time         = cyan default bold
time_left            = blue default bold
total_time           = cyan  default bold
time_total_frames    = cyan default bold
sound_parameters     = red default bold
legend               = cyan  default bold
disabled             = red default bold
enabled              = blue default bold,underline
empty_mixer_bar      = red  default bold
filled_mixer_bar     = red  red dim
empty_time_bar       = cyan  default bold
filled_time_bar      = cyan default bold
entry                = blue  red
entry_title          = white default bold
error                = red    default bold
message              = cyan  default bold
plist_time           = red  default bold
